Danny's gonna look after the business while we're away.
I only scheduled a few small jobs.
I'm sure he can handle it.
It's our sign convention.
And I planned as best I could for us to go together.
But some things, you just can't see coming.
Hello?
Danny was in a panic.
He got trouble calls from my two biggest accounts.
It was bad.
I can't lose their business.
Okay, just find the parts and I'll call you back.
This will take all weekend.
You want us to go?
Will you get the program later?
Yeah.
And I'll have to text John that I can't be an attendant.
But what will I miss that I can't get later?
Hey, welcome, awesome.
Ingrid.
In Hebrews 11 verse 26 it says,
Moses considered the reproach of the Christ
to be rich as greater than the treasures of Egypt.
For he looked intently toward the payment of the reward.
Of what value is being a prince of Egypt compared with me?
Honey, what do you think?
Danny?
Yeah, here's what I want you to do for now.
We'll pick up the pieces when I get back.